const description_of_roles=`
City Roles:

Detective: At night, the Detective can investigate whether a player is Mafia. (The Godfather appears Innocent when investigated.)

Doctor: The Doctor protects one (or two) player(s) at night, who will survive any night-time attack. They are typically barred from protecting themselves more than a certain number of times. (Doctor's protection doesn't save the players died from guilt.)

Armored: The Armored is invulnerable at night. Besides, if they're chosen to be killed during the daytime, they stay on the game, but lose their power.

Bulletproof: The Bulletproof person is invulnerable at night.

Sniper: The Sniper has the ability to shoot at night once (or twice) per game. If they target a Mafia member, the target dies, except for the Godfather. Whereas, if they target an Innocent, themself die from guilt. (If they target the Godfather, nobody dies.)

Commando: Once attacked by the Mafia at night, the Commando is given a chance to shoot. If they target a Mafia member, they stay on the game and their target dies, except for the Godfather. Whereas, if they target an Innocent, themself die from guilt. (If they target the Godfather, nobody dies.)

Gunner: ...

Citizen: Citizens are ordinary Innocent players. They can discuss and vote to eliminate a player during the daytime.

Nurse: The Nurse gains the Doctor's ability if the Doctor dies.

Thief: The Thief steals the role of another player after the opening day. The player whose role is stolen, gets the Citizen role.

Stranger: The Stranger is an Innocent player, who appears as Mafia to the Detective when investigated.

Governor: The Governor can reprieve those eliminated by voting during the daytime.

Cowboy: The Cowboy can kill a player if they sacrifice themself during the daytime.

Reporter: If the negotiation occurs, The Reporter wakes up every night and detects whether a player has joined the Mafia.

Freemasons: The Freemasons are two Innocent players who know each other.

Dentist: The Dentist may select a player at night, to be silent during the following day.

Medium: The Medium can interrogate a dead player at night.

Sheriff: This is a secondary role taken in addition to the assigned role. The Sheriff can be elected each morning, and gain two elimination votes.

Guardian: The Guardian can protect one (or two) players at night from being hypnotized, i.e. being unable to use their ability at that night.

Undercover-Cop: The Undercover Cop is a spy within the Mafia group who acts with the Mafia at nights, but wins with the Innocents.

Moral-Sibling: The Sibling pair consists of one Mafia and one Innocent. If one dies, the other dies as well. The Moral Sibling is the Innocent one and commonly knows the Evil Sibling.

Mafia Roles:

Godfather: The Godfather is the Mafia leader. They appear Innocent to the detective, and are immune to the night-time attacks.

Mafioso: The Mafioso wakes up at night and silently consult their team to pick a victim to be killed.

Mafia-Doctor: The Mafia Doctor can protect a Mafia member from any night-time attack.

Negotiator: ...
Shaman: ...
Traitor: ...
Hypnotizer, Role-blocker: ...
Teenage-Mafia: ...
Silencer: ...
Evil-Sibling: ...
ناتو: ...
`;